a real northwestern Pacific North
Pacific American Gentile man who wants
to the the countdown I have more I have
my button on the [__] microphone
maybe not Ryan ah yeah Oh mouthful
cheese it's almost there okay we're good
five four three two one
nope I said mark and you said sink I
went back I did a raspberry oh where
we're going Hayley this is 3d ultra
mini-golf adventures Ryan we thought
we'd do a little throwback to us last we
did this in 2013 March 2013 was the
first video we did that is so long ago
just it's so long ago we just thought I
don't know let's try it again maybe
people will watch it maybe people won't
so I just picked the first six holes of
this to do yeah this this is the
original golf game for us we're you know
spawned like golf it and all the kinds
of golf [__] we were doing and then we
got a hardcore mini-golf coming out soon
the live action that's true thank you I
don't know what soon is it's coming out
who knows what nice video is coming what
button you have to hit to get the stuff
to go up activates by itself right no I
believe it's be okay no no sorry like
your power so your strength is that
you're holding this one's a little
longer then then the golf it and such
because you all go separately but it
gives you way more of an opportunity to
bunts people and [__] with [__] because
they're just lying there they can't do
anything Matt it's a little too hard
little hard are you winding up for 10
seconds you know what still learning
still learning that's the first first
time you do any golf game now it's a
suck hole yeah I see that subject B is
the button that uh and with us okay so
the sock walk the sock code is automatic
oh isn't an item it will just activate
the
whole but you got to be careful cuz
they're suckholes and blowholes well
that was a suck hole now what have you
sucked any of us in no and you can
people were close enough I want so much
worse like when the first one came out
of this I ended this so long ago dude
that's apart
oh god I forgot how doofy their faces
are yeah this is also duck head yeah you
know but I didn't have it as an option
do you download no idea cuz you're not
wearing the duck hat in the first part
either maybe it was a two thing oh you
know what I think that was a - oops I
forgot you ever hold we just decided to
go with holding release oh come on
Scorpio pick me up alright let's also
part of the like probably beginning of
Jeff's raged with Dolph always with Jeff
and Ray think aha oh you hit him into it
oh come on
it happened that worked out really well
and then it sucked
till the scorpion came alright scorpion
you needed to get out of here he's
hanging out right there the easiest hole
in the entire game dude no Michael is
hole we are not circled the drain does
not have a lot of frames yeah he doesn't
a lot of frames and also can't really
form a circle completely right Matt you
got this don't you don't go soft soft
pick it up
now he was coming back for me hold it
there that's an assist
that's thank you scorpion and I here we
go get miss it too hard basically can't
now you got it alright it's gonna be
really embarrassing when I missed this
shot to kill Matt you got a little hell
Matt he's got there we go here we go
alright he's upset they'll take this up
one hole Michael's in the lead so you
can go through there but if you hit it
too hard it'll smash the door if you hit
too slow the snake will bite it
Ryan's done economy 101 well I should
have been watching me l bit no no you
nailed it you do sometimes I want to pay
attention to people's meters because you
can see how hard they're hitting it but
man there's a fine line oh yeah like I'm
one oh no I guess you can't I like all
boys snack be too slow oh no he got oh
my god - nice that snake sucks
yeah that seemed pretty easy look who it
is in the game that's that's what decide
he's hell yeah all right come on
scorpion all right
I tricked this oh no no I swear we can
push him out of the way
no stinker okay Michael you're not be
right in I'm not gonna do that
I'll miss myself I'm not gonna help you
yeah this is like an exponential power
meter this guy's drunk
Oh Oh get the hell out of the way he's
supposed to be a part dude oh nice and
sometimes you just don't get the hole in
one like that sometimes just no real
throws you passed it I thought I should
say it cuz I felt like it was gonna
happen it may have been how centered you
are going into the door - oh it's
possible that's a good call
all right Jackson ole it's also
apparently a firing squad in there boom
done it he's done it that's like a
birdie I couldn't go sooner because Jack
was in the way he did he blocked it up
real good okay you could have gone
through me a little harder all right
well my kind of back in oh boy okay here
we go I think you don't want to go in
that grave there's a whole one here
right yeah I think it's just a bank shot
though right oh no wait wait no no no no
yeah there's something and there's a way
to fly around I believe left trigger
left trigger zooms out there's something
oh no it's in the tree trunk that's what
it is if you get it in the trunk to the
right that's Bo yeah that's certainly a
hole-in-one okay I don't know how to get
back though I hit left trigger and I'm
stuck in the sky right pressing right
trigger it's not doing anything oh maybe
because he started out oh no
missed it I had my controller option on
setting one which I was playing a
Megaman X and I reformatted right
trigger to the dash button
nope it's hard to do in one but you know
it's a setup shot you know totally Biff
it there's just a lot of setup in the
way now now there's no yeah there's a
lot of balls between me and where I want
to go my wife so close that was rough
super hard mm-hmm
all right Michael no that was me oh
sorry all right Ryan woman go on well
maybe a little bit more over this way
I'll try it man that might might be what
you need I wasn't paying attention soft
nailed it Ryan well done I thought it
wasn't going in this old sir gentle okay
if I if I make this Ron and I are tired
if I miss
yeah the best part about this game was
you could continue to you could bit
people without dipping yourself right
cuz we haven't really gotten to that yet
but like the electricity powerup is a
monster so if you just press B like if
you pick up the electricity and then hit
the ball once you press B you activate
it and the next ball you pass you shock
and just sends them flying I don't like
this lip I've got here mm-hmm
this is gonna be bad for me yeah it's a
little weird oh no oh there we go
well there we go you know what I like
about this compared to that yet there's
people golf it you're just old that
you're a human yeah you're the ball and
golf it you're right we're definitely
more civilized through this well it is
so far eventually the fact there's
people all right all right so you're one
you're holding one I keep wanting to say
one up Israel is that your side path
yeah how do you get over there just
banking kind of thank you again too slow
and it's Nagle get it of course that
scorpions being a total just dude that's
where he lives man
I'm the golfer you did come into his
house no we don't know that
God what through the golf course might
have been here first what that powerup
is that's a glue trap um it might be
shield I honestly don't remember
who's not gonna get it come on gimme
gimme no I mean you could just Bank it
and grab it it's probably the best
powerup yeah the the shot because it
activates like your entire ball being
there right yeah sure you can well the
electricity you can also use it as
defense right so say you use it you hit
the ball you gotta hit the ball first
say you hit the ball you use it and then
zap no one it stays charged until your
next turn so people that just try to
pass you will automatically get shocked
no well it's like an anti big measure oh
yeah oh pretty again did not pay
attention to where you were or how hard
you hit it
now I'm gonna have to do that to keep my
tie get in there baby get in there get
in there
yeah mmm Wow kiss the camera lens flare
all right Ryan do it perfectly so I can
watch you Matt is dialed in
got away for that scorp oh oh I may have
to go you got it you got it nailed it
yeah sure did didn't see the meter on
that one well yeah it's all about the
angle really that's the important thing
you can kind of guess by watching the
golfer but how much he pulls it back
yeah cuz we're playing nice by the way I
guess that's the only thing you won't
see with one of our perspectives because
we're playing this online separately so
usually we played it locally
so it's just one screen so you could see
all the meters so no man by whose meter
you'll see you can tell what footage way
too soft men shocked nice snake is slow
he's not a good snake no thank God my
there he would have killed me Matt's
gonna get this whole one - snake would
have just taken a nap no he's eaten
again finally got over that hole no food
thing huh yeah he got tired of it it
wasn't dead yeah so you just go for it
jack I I think power-ups carry to the
next hole that's alright I think they do
yeah saying just for reference Wow quite
hard Oh white fund it that's right it's
coming back I have no judge of power in
this game yet if I feel like you're
either too soft or too strong there's
not a a big middle ground nope only look
like you lined it up right nope I begged
it a little bit cuz there was a little
hill but that did not matter all right
now right in the shadow of the flag the
scorpions coming there it is
double bush just a lot of lies right
there pretty quick though again though
we are playing the six easiest holes oh
yeah great this is the introductory
course haven't started biffing yet
either this one you want to get it in
that house and then it will blast up
there that's a blow hole over there not
a suck hole our runs real tricky dicky
yeah yep good for the sand you have to
kind of power it go through the sand you
got a power to the scene you also got to
miss the barrel if you hit the barrel
it'll explode and you shoot your ball up
into the air but obviously I'm gonna go
for it yeah sometimes it goes in
sometimes it doesn't it didn't that's
okay
I'll stay I'll take it that's some oil
slick up there see that was an example
of what to do here's what you're not
supposed to do what I'm about to do okay
cuz I'm gonna miss know you've got a
diamond no I missed I believe in you I
just got the connection thing it's
saying no connection it's flashing mine
much more aggressively you're fine okay
you're not then well [__] that'll play
that can be a hold of one that'll drop
that is nice good job dad the connection
didn't drop oh okay he'll take the list
for a long time alright yeah I
despite watching it twice don't really
know what else are you looking at every
time I watch it but I don't really like
dial it in exactly someone's jangling
keys behind his water I keep trying to
figure out like how hard you hit it I'm
not really that you will never know you
have to get it pretty card through the
sand oh he's got it oh nice that'll be a
hole-in-one well I know
alright now let's screw this up Jack
were you watching perfect Jack
yep soft wow you should have watched see
no judge on power yeah it's it's hard
dude
well he stepped right over my ball I'm
trying to kick it a little further I'm
at full power
I almost did I don't know if you planned
here you perfect rough that's a setup I
don't mean you make that oh my god you
almost oh really now somehow it's worse
though yeah and now you just really
gotta hope this goes in well Oh tragedy
alright just full beans it don't do that
oh my god and of course well not the
best ability but no whoa you go if your
ball goes through it it just goes at a
random direction yeah it roll my god
that messes those of course like it's
for and it's not it's not gonna let me
go first typically it would be the
person last place which shooters so
really there's no cheese you need a bone
people remember their first on this one
that's a suck hole yeah I there's no
shortcut I don't think it's just it's
basically where that suck hole is you
have to hit it at the right angle at the
right speed and with that suckle you
could theoretically Bank it around and
oh boy I thought I hit that real hard I
did not yeah you got back down okay and
this is where I be that might not be bad
for me oh yeah that hole to the right
you saw there you know that rock that
that gets it up there I think that's
actually what you want to that's a good
thing I think yeah I will say I hit that
in the yellow so that was a pretty hard
hit which did not go near as far as Matt
in any way quite damaging actually so
now what you want to do jack is when you
pass someone like if you're right in
front of them really just lay it on or
just save it till you're like near the
hole but if you get another powerup it
all race or just blower there's just
yeah hey Mike look that was me Jack yeah
what the what the hell was that
Ryan's winning by [__] yeah that that's
gonna be awful you might almost want to
not go through it I might want a knot
but I will okay he might go
you know what just to the right of it
better off that way yep that was real
good
oh really Wow that might do it
what a hit hit and he got the firepower
I'll see I moved I made him move to the
right which was put him up and I
appreciate that Jack there's to have a
supportive oh yeah wait so that oh
that's not good is it
ie I think no I think it is I don't know
I really don't remember I think it is
all right you know what I'll try it do
it I'm not certain length shot that's a
rough way further back you're further
back I would not take another shot at it
it's definitely harder Matt I don't go
for it Matt go for it man I've got no
reason not to no more man add strokes
it's an excellent reason Oh slam it hit
way too hard
we're back worse than before Jack how
would you feel far back would you like
to go there's a glue you can get through
Oh
instead you had around the bomb worse
than before
Wow what consistency unforgiving game it
really is you are that to be perfect or
dead Oh Ryan you gave up on it well yeah
cuz I'd just whipped right here oh she's
like a big coward move yeah so don't see
anywhere for it to come out over here
it's a there's a trough right there that
leads right to the hole
yeah the giant piece of wood behind it
oh that's not it but a for every oh well
here's the thing your forward from where
you're slightly better that's progress
alright no well measure our log that's
gonna exist maybe Matt did what you did
for me jack that looks good that's some
crap right there is what that is that
sucks dude you had that oh boy I think
I'm just gonna go in the hole that's
alright bold strategy and go back for
the other hole see that double bow see
the trough Ryan I don't see a trough
Ryan what's it look at it right there
it's right above my head
he's the wood behind the land things
down in there all the way back there I
wasn't convicted it directly I don't you
know no I think it comes out of the
mountain yeah my hair's kind of in the
way
mom I'm okay I can't help you man use
the left stay right you know what in
your control round I don't know what the
stroke limit is it's like 12 or
something no house close oh you got the
sticky
I was kind of hoping it would stop me no
hold it there behind you get in there
see this trough Ryan it's boom oh I
really thought it would just miss man
man all that it was only a four yeah and
I guess bar was - yeah you got a
hole-in-one Michael so your perspectives
have been off nice oh he's done it
nice ooh plus three that's okay
who you punching so Mike to my cell
you'd just right in my soul I'm only by
two I mean you know all right that's
enough kind of a game I'm wasn't
striking was the six that was so
apparently we should do more
the score is gonna reset it and we can
just do the math I don't know how long
it would take you know what's also what
dawned on me cuz I think we do like five
or six per part our videos were a lot
shorter in 2013 yeah yeah they were and
shorts not bad now but that was like 23
minutes 3d ultra mini-golf is uh began
in 1997 oh yeah well that's 3d ultra
mini-golf and 3d of ultra mini-golf
adventures I think is what this is right
it's basically like it's one of those
like it's not a sequel game they like
cleaned it up I think right like it is
the same game but it's cleaned up it's
probably got like better controls it's
probably like better graphics alright so
this came out the 3d ultra mini golf
adventures came out December 20th 2006
for Windows and then was warded to the
Xbox on April 18th of 2007 good god like
13 years ago yeah well right I was I was
listening that's why I wasn't hitting
sorry yeah why didn't the information
set in now we have mail by Juanico games
oh so close
take it but there's a [__] go Finn
the way I think it goes smooth over that
hole and only like if they pop up do
they mend any mess with it what what's
the purple ball thing okay so the purple
ball that maybe she's a shield my brain
says blue but maybe that's the second
one she so that okay you already lost it
and now you're there's that song that
was that was crucial for us I thought he
was gonna attack you or just be a mind
for the next year now what you can do
though is if you picked up the shield
immediately press the B he then could
have picked up the lightning did you use
the shield no yeah the lightning now I
used it I used the oil I must have used
both oh maybe maybe it just replaces it
then I can't remember if you can have
one and then and then like a one in the
wing or not I guess not if you use the
shield no no no yeah it was just one sha
bit shy [__] I guess I'll just go over
it I don't know if that's gonna mess I I
also don't know I feel like it was a lot
more solid than I thought it would be it
bumped it a smidge no Michael no pink
yeah it wasn't that bad of a bean yeah
here we go we're gonna do this again I
just saw right through the scorpion I
wanted a powerup that lets you kill the
shield ooh the gopher gopher boned me
push me back full power
nice car
all right there we go again
that looks about right a little bit
harder perfect Zoop zap zop man you're
back there though that's alright that'll
play well sort of that damn gopher hole
I hate the gopher hole bogey all right
let me show you this master class and
all right here we go mini golf in here
go for it man
you gotta go around the water alright so
Mike if I barely get it down let the
pulls the right down the hill this is
how you do right you'll design perfect
nailed it that is not what you said well
done jack class you are sarcastic but
you were telling the truth I know is
this how I talk you might have you know
what you we're totally to the side of
that hole you just slammed it like a
joke I hit the hole no I'm just no it's
in the gopher hole oh yeah able to avoid
it you just hit it like a goal I missed
the day I hit too hard look at the part
here in the back nine that flowing water
hard I'm at the front three you mean the
back three yeah front back three we had
the first six in the back three well the
front back three then we get to the back
back six yeah the front 603 you're in
the water
well yeah Deadman's Creek over this flow
kinda heck on across phone call yeah
I'll wait that's true yeah I don't think
there's any timer yeah I said not
knowing for sure oh well so as you might
want to go ahead and have your shot set
up yeah I'm just looking at the floating
cactus man dwama
yeah it's a space cactus yeah don't
judge it that there's a space cactus I'm
actually quite fond of it too catchy
tune really is it gets to you I remember
when I made maps for this like the title
screen music was all I heard for like a
week after that cuz they didn't bother
having a different music for the
mapmaker oh no I wouldn't imagine - yeah
we were that like that golf game that
released like when the Xbox one came out
but it was basically like a big fairway
golf thing with this similar style I
guess you know I think it became free at
a certain point but that basis
sure no one was playing it there were a
little scrape kind of scrambling there
to be any like what what do people want
to play on this yeah they had a really
really rough launch I don't think they
had like any game kind of coming out
with it other than my Loco cycle
released and that's all I know
yeah what was the name of that that like
Spartan game or something
I'll get rise yeah rise I was actually
pretty and fun yeah its stall my list of
things to finish nothing point alright
alright so let's Matic it's a 45 or 45
through the log straight in the hole Oh
easy
yeah it's not a real 45 I tried that in
this one sailing off the side to 46
oh yes that's what I did I said I I went
flying okay so that that circle ball in
the middle there that is a free stroke
basically then order the white one if
yeah the white one the white one the
orange one is either fire or a bomb I
can't tell I think it's a bomb I might
be fire cuz the bomb was yellow right oh
it's you know I can't tell so you're
supposed to hit the free stroke and then
put through twice I mean you can you
definitely can get it in a hole in one
yeah I don't think you can get the free
stroke and hole in one resulting in a
zero I don't think that's possible I
could do it I mean you certainly could I
won't
oh wow Jesus what I'll take it I was
impressive I'll take it good alright
yeah allow me to show you how to do this
do it man
just like it was that perfect little
dive that's a fireball is what that is
so much like so the fireball that leaves
a trail of fire behind your ball but
when you use it after you've stopped
you're just on fire so the fire isn't
much better than the oil slick because
if the ball hits the fire it shoots up
in the air like the explosive barrels
that was a good shot that was a good
shot no that's okay always could have
been better
messes in the hole then it couldn't have
been better that's it sure would have
been perfect it's it's possible unless
it was like in the hole there was a lot
of money in the hole - what's wrong with
a wry arrow
- oh no it's perfectly lined up but will
it do come on you kind of bought
yourself though in a bad position
correct because I have to react to that
but you do the thing is unless you knock
him out or all the way back up you're
gonna balance him around the cul-de-sac
yeah but that's the thing that might be
the best option for free check going
back for the free shot area this is how
you make your money right here thank you
or something now if you shoot if you go
straight through you could bounce it
back to your bar that's resulting in a
pointless free shout no no how I think
it comes back though oh you're fine he
might be able to get it again on his way
back buddy go ah I think that's what I
call a pro-gamer move it's pretty pro so
you got the setup for free and now you
get the follow-through for free boom
it's like you've hit it no times exactly
Wow until it doesn't come back not a
great setup shot though this you can hit
it off the log off the other log yeah
this is gonna be it's gonna be a double
tap here going for the back here we go
rushing it I wanna clean that you're
going to do something and then actually
never move you don't believe now you're
a fool there's money on this hole all
right this one now spring so you want to
hit it around the bend if you can get it
Matt looks at left for me yeah get it in
the teepee he'll shoot it out over the
fire towards the hole
now well you have to pay attention about
the hole none of that green is [__]
walled off so if you hit it past the
hole it's gonna go right off into the
sand or the water yeah there's also a
spring power is spring please into it at
all it doesn't not if you get it in the
in the teepee let me leave why my shut
up and then line up a shot I'm gonna I'm
gonna look at this is the ninth hole was
this it this would be the last ones left
we should just chill after this oh man
spring cuz a lot of times if you hit it
really hard here it'll bank super left
knocked into the water that did nothing
but it was interesting I was just hoping
you would scare this working a little
bit all right all right we get it
stop see you're not set up at all for
the for the Hut now but if you get it
straight on for the hole you better not
hit it too hard yeah I mean maybe I can
it's just happy this way we get it man
we get it you stop you know one don't
you boy you scorpion now you gotta treat
it fine let him die the whole be to give
up bum cheese bum cheese really big give
up
he'll give up eventually holy [__] Errol
Lee I've never seen a little ordered mat
yeah Ariel that wasn't it right fire you
burnt up you broke up I hit a instead of
B to tryin Joe Michael shows how it's
done potato salad nice that's the string
that's off no I just jumped cuz I would
know so that's what I was talking about
you hit it too hard it curves way to the
left and it was going in the sand in the
water so I jumped
just for no reason hey Jack how do we do
this pro-gamer move right here boom
nailed it
ooh well done and then in the TP Oh
b-but not bad yeah it's pretty good
settled it's not a bad place to be about
even with Matt no that could I do it you
can will you I don't know it could do it
you going up a ramp Jack wants you to do
it
who would Matt us do it in the tepee
sorry yeah go go Hagel is a really fun
game by the way go play a goal such a
more civilized time of golf this is very
little bit very light and now you're
just in the goddamn you are in the way
Rick you're right in the way you little
turret michael happen you don't just
jump me I'm gonna jump you for sure I'm
gonna jump you damn it falling apart
alright jack knows it's I'm obstructed
the jungle it's so hard lined up right
you failed in multiple one of the
panel's is on a and so I just grabbed my
controller what a problem it screwed me
to my elite controller oh thank god
first real problem huh did you get from
using paddles
yeah where's jack I'm not there I'm Jack
he's when you throw ball out of bounds
it doesn't respond to your turn there's
like a slight Hill right there Jack
don't
oh how power 9 yeah yes you guys just go
with the TP at this point I'm gonna will
try to yet just stay away from me man
you're doing well but so you got burned
up well that looks good oh it's only a
for oh it's a part about a four that I
cost myself one by grabbing my
controller too hard you did all right
this is don't don't be jack light touch
light touch or did the fire not well
actually that was who like
no that was sexually almost well yeah it
was off anyway I'll take a bug is that
Hill through it to the left don't you
end in front of me don't you in is that
me Oh around me I will send him to the
water and I have no I don't need it
already I got a bogey
he doesn't need it either people don't
need more strokes bogey brothers yeah
buddy
all right 9 like we did more strokes on
that one
that's a Niner sorry let's add it up
here so I had a negative 5 right so that
puts me at a negative 4 Jack had a 7 I
had a 2
he's had an 8 now so I'm a man had a
zero so he's at negative 2 which is his
score that is matt score perfect huh
and Ryan was at a negative 3 so I think
that put a little one so or negative
yeah sorry I'm at negative negative 4
negative 2 negative 1 and 8 you're very
close and that's that's the front 9 I
imagine we'll film the back 9 hopefully
people watch this video otherwise we
won't put out the back 9 golf burn it
burn it in the fire the grinds ball get
all burned up thanks for watching bye
[Music]